Add information to file based plugin configuration. (#39)
wintercms/docs: plugin-settings.md

    $maxItems = Config::get('acme.demo::maxItems', 50);

> A plugin configuration can be overridden by the application by creating a configuration file `config/author/plugin/config.php`, for example `config/acme/todo/config.php`, or `config/acme/todo/dev/config.php` for different environment. Please note, you need to provide an original configuration in the plugin for the override to work - even an empty array there will work, if you expect all the configuration come from the `config/author/plugin/config.php` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plugin configuration can be overridden by the application by creating a configuration file `config/author/plugin/config.php`, for example `config/acme/todo/config.php`, or `config/acme/todo/dev/config.php` for an environment specific override (in this case `dev`). 

> **NOTE:** In order for the config override to work, the plugin must contain a default config file (i.e. `plugins/author/plugin/config/config.php`. Even if you expect all configuration to come from the project override instead of the default configuration file it is still **highly** recommended that a default configuration file is provided as a form of documentation as to what configuration options are available to be modified on the project level.
```
